GH-3334: Add "embedded reaper" into CorrelationMH (#3342)
spring-projects/spring-integration: src/reference/asciidoc/aggregator.adoc

Since version 5.0, empty groups are also scheduled for removal after `empty-group-min-timeout`.
If `expireGroupsUponCompletion == false` and `minimumTimeoutForEmptyGroups > 0`, the task to remove the group is scheduled when normal or partial sequences release happens.

> Starting version 5.4, the aggregator (and resequencer) can be configured for so-called "embedded reaper".
> The `expireTimeout` (if greater than `0`) indicates how old groups in the store should be purged.
> The `purgeOrphanedGroups()` method is called on start up and together with the provided `expireDuration` periodically within a scheduled task.
> This method is also can be called externally at any time.
> The expiration logic is fully delegated into a `forceComplete(MessageGroup)` functionality according the provided expiration options mentioned above.
> Such a periodic purge functionality is useful when a message store is needed to be cleaned up from those old groups which are not going to be released any more with regular message arrival logic.
> In most cases this happens after an application start up.
> The functionality is similar to the `MessageGroupStoreReaper` with a scheduled task, but provides a convenient way to deal with old groups withing specific components.
> The `MessageGroupStore` is still have to be provided exclusively for the current correlation endpoint.
> Otherwise one aggregator may purge groups from another.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with version 5.4, the aggregator (and resequencer) can be configured to expire orphaned groups (groups in a persistent message store that might not otherwise be released).
The `expireTimeout` (if greater than `0`) indicates that groups older than this value in the store should be purged.
The `purgeOrphanedGroups()` method is called on start up and, together with the provided `expireDuration`, periodically within a scheduled task.
This method is also can be called externally at any time.
The expiration logic is fully delegated to the `forceComplete(MessageGroup)` functionality according to the provided expiration options mentioned above.
Such a periodic purge functionality is useful when a message store is needed to be cleaned up from those old groups which are not going to be released any more with regular message arrival logic.
In most cases this happens after an application restart, when using a persistent message group store.
The functionality is similar to the `MessageGroupStoreReaper` with a scheduled task, but provides a convenient way to deal with old groups within specific components, when using group timeout instead of a reaper.
The `MessageGroupStore` must be provided exclusively for the current correlation endpoint.
Otherwise one aggregator may purge groups from another.
With the aggregator, groups expired using this technique will either be discarded or released as a partial group, depending on the `expireGroupsUponCompletion` property.
```
